[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>MATTHEW LACROIX: The
Sumerian story is interesting
because there's
different chapters that
seem to go back more than
12,000, more than 50,000,
maybe more than
100,000 years ago.
>>BILLY CARSON: It's not that we
came out of only Adam and Eve--
two people--
because if you
end-read like that,
we already know what's
going to happen.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Right.
We'd out-breed pretty fast.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>LACROIX: He cracked a
code that has not been
cracked in over 1,000 years.
If you were going to envision
an alien-like language,
this is the one.
It uses simply symbols.
>>CARSON: Chromosome number
two was spliced and fused
and two telomere caps
were put on them.
They're estimating it
happened about when?
200,000 years ago.
We're talking about
figuring out what
happened so we can
correct what happened
in the past for the future
because the past is prologue.
Because if we don't, eventually
they may want to sell us time.
>>REGINA: Is it possible the
cosmos, the solar system,
Gaia herself made
these decisions?
[THEME MUSIC]
We have a special treat today
with Matthew LaCroix and Billy
Carson joining forces
in writing a new book
about our early
human influencers.
They're calling this new
book "The Epic of Humanity,"
a time capsule of
human knowledge.
And looking at the timeline,
it really is a time capsule.
Welcome both of you,
two of my favorite guys.
[LAUGHTER]
>>LACROIX: It's great
to be here, Regina.
>>CARSON: Great to be here.
>>LACROIX: You as well, Billy.
>>CARSON: Thanks.
Same here, Matt.
Good seeing you again.
>>LACROIX: Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about what--
two years so far in
doing this project?
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>LACROIX: Yes.
>>REGINA: Why are
you doing this?
What is it that you're trying
to bring forth to humanity
at this time that hasn't
already been done?
>>LACROIX: Two years ago,
Billy and I actually met up
when I was living in Maine.
And we went out and we
went for some walks.
And we were discussing
what we could
do in the future, some
kind of a different kind
of collaboration, something that
hasn't really been done yet.
And we came up with
this idea of what
if we write a book
that is about just
our entire story
from where it began,
not from the pre-Homo sapien
and more of a Neanderthal.
But more of when did
Homo sapiens sapiens,
and civilization
from that point,
up to where we are
and then the future--
what is that story?
And what is that story based on
as much evidence as possible,
as many ancient texts
around the world?
Can we take all
of this and put it
into this cohesive,
chronological book
that really tells this
story that we really
haven't been taught?
>>REGINA: Billy?
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Same thing?
I mean, what was your
motivation for doing this,
because we're not going
to get into the other kind
of esoteric overlays to it
because it's just too much.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Can't get
into all the stories
about where all these
different beings came from
and who are the Anunnaki.
We're not going there.
But we're going over what is
validated, verified history
in a new way, right?
>>CARSON: Yes.
And so Matt is
probably, for me, one
of the most respected
people in the area
of ancient civilizations
and ancient history,
and a person that I respect for
actually reading the tablets,
going through the ancient
texts, the cylinder scrolls,
scriptures, papyruses,
and everything else,
digging deep into that,
because many people
claim to be experts, but they
never actually do the research.
They won't even
touch those tablets.
And so myself and
Matt are probably
one of the very few people that
actually really have dug deep.
And I knew that he can help
me bring forward this story.
And I knew that
our collaborations
that we had done previously
on just YouTube and podcasts
were so great, people
really loved this,
that if we got together
and did a book,
we can really put this
story out in a way
that people could
understand it and digest it.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, congratulations, guys.
>>LACROIX: Thank you.
>>REGINA: So now let's
dig into the story
because we're talking
about, essentially,
creating a timeline that
changes our understanding of who
we are, what humanity
is, as you say,
Homo sapiens, sapiens, right?
So where do we begin?
Let's start.
[LAUGHS]
>>LACROIX: Well,
I guess the place
to start is that we have to
understand where it started
and when it started.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LACROIX: That's
really what comes
into are we-- is our story of
human civilizations emerging
out of the Fertile Crescent
only 6,000 years old
or is there a completely
other set of chapters
that go before that?
And that's what-- the goal of
this book is not only to tell
the story and provide the
evidence, but provide--
have as many ancient texts
and pieces of ancient texts
that have the most important
information all in one place.
And that really was
the goal of this
is to be this almost like
I guess you could call it
this epic chronology of
ancient knowledge and evidence,
and putting it all
together in something
that people can tangibly look
at and say, oh, that makes sense
or it maybe doesn't make sense.
>>REGINA: Well, and one
of the intriguing parts
is that it's connecting
cultures around the world that
were thought to be disparate and
not connected in any way prior,
right?
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: That's a
big part of this.
So that brings up a whole
slew of other questions,
like, how'd that happen?
How, in supposedly
primitive times,
did they develop the
same kind of symbolism,
or parts of
language, or artwork,
when they're literally
halfway around the globe
from each other?
And that gets into some
very interesting territory.
So we'll go there
in a little bit.
But let's start with
the Sumerian story.
>>LACROIX: OK.
>>REGINA: OK.
Adapa?
>>LACROIX: So the Sumerian
story-- and then, of course,
Billy has a lot of
knowledge in this area
as well-- the Sumerian
story is interesting
because there's
different chapters that
seem to go back far, far earlier
than we've ever been taught
in school or has been
acknowledged by mainstream
archeologists to the point where
we're talking about something
more than 12,000,
more than 50,000,
maybe more than
100,000 years ago.
And even if certain tablets
can't survive that long,
the story has been carried
down and then rescribed
in those tablets over
and over and over again
by subsequent cultures, such as
the Sumerians, the Akkadians,
the Babylonians, the
Assyrians, the Chaldeans.
We're talking
about a region that
has had more habitation by
civilizations, in my opinion,
than anywhere else in the world.
And so because of that, and
because of their sophistication
and influences, it enables
us to have a glimpse
into looking at our
story in a way that's
tangible and evidence-driven,
unlike really
most of the places that
we have around the world.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And this is bringing up
a lot of different things
you say as what's left in
tablets, papyrus, and so forth.
What's left with pyramids?
I mean, even Robert Schoch, when
he first saw the Great Pyramid,
said he thought it was
closer to 100,000 years old.
You can't talk
about it publicly.
You lose tenure.
So we get that.
But I mean that was a fairly
shocking statement for him.
And we know others that
were contemporaneous
with his early work who
were saying the same things.
Now you're saying there's
yet even more evidence.
>>LACROIX: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And let's
start with the notion--
since we're talking
about the human species--
that there was a notion of an
original perfected man, right?
>>LACROIX: Yeah, absolutely.
There's a specific tablet
called "The Myth of Adapa,"
that goes into that and actually
specifically calls that out.
And Billy and I have
talked about that
in shows previous,
where the language in it
actually says that this
was a perfected being that
was considered a sage of the
first city of Eridu, which
was interesting because there's
another tablet called "The Uruk
List of Kings and
Sages" that lists him
as the first sage of that.
So you get this
cross-examination of tablets
and information that correlate.
And what it says in
"The Myth of Adapa"
is that Adapa was the
first perfect man created.
And it says that he was the
most perfect among the Anunnaki,
as in we are them
and they are us,
and that there was something
created in their image that
was done so to be perfect.
And I think we should remember
that rather than this more
primitive viewpoint that
we're given with aspects
of Darwinism and other things.
>>REGINA: I agree
with you on that.
Billy, what do you
have to say on this?
>>CARSON: Well, when you
look at "The Myth of Adapa,"
you realize that human beings
have such a high capacity
for learning, spiritually
and technologically,
and that there were people
here-- many more people, maybe
even millions of people--
long before the Adapa,
but Adapa was the first of
the more advanced created.
In other words, the
best version of what
they could do for Homo
sapien sapien, and that's
where we came out of.
And so basically it's
not that we came out
of only Adam and
Eve-- two people--
because if you
inbreed like that,
we already know what's
going to happen.
>>REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
You out-breed pretty fast.
[LAUGHS]
>>CARSON: Right.
Exactly.
Really fast.
So some people tend to
think that you still
can get eight billion people
from two, but it's not--
the thing is they duplicated
what they did with Adapa,
but Adapa was one of
the very first sages
and he had the wisdom.
And he was known
to potentially even
be greater than the
Anunnaki themselves.
>>REGINA: That's fascinating.
And I have to say, because
I have shared with you
my own understanding
of the origin that
has to do with the
original person, people,
and it overlays with
what you're saying.
And I particularly like it when
there are points of connection
between stories, so to speak.
And the one part of that
story that is an exact hit
is that one type
of human, of being
was chosen for this particular
expression as human being.
And that it existed already.
We're not an extension
of Neanderthals
or any other species.
We are our own unique
perfected species to the degree
that we're perfect.
And we were like us.
We look very similar.
However many hundreds of
thousands, millions of years
ago, we were this already.
And this seems to overlay
with that to an extent,
even if we don't know
timelines exactly.
Does that make sense?
>>LACROIX: Yeah, it
seems that that perfected
being in that
location at that time
gives us a way to look at it
and say, well, what was going on
during that time period?
But when was that time period?
And that's really
what the focus is.
>>REGINA: And that's
always the hard part.
>>LACROIX: Yeah.
Well, that was the
challenge here is,
like, can we actually date
when these events occurred?
And it turns out we
actually can if we
take all the different
kings lists from Sumer--
Sumerian King List, Uruk
List of Kings and Sages,
the Berossus King List.
If we take them and
others, and we take them
and look at the dating
that's used in that--
>>REGINA: Where do we go?
How far back do we
go if we do that?
>>LACROIX: We take a
story that is around--
we'll give an estimation
because there's
aspects on either end that
may go further or closer.
But I just like to give a
nice date of 200,000 years ago
as a good date to start
with to really push.
And that's why the timeline
in the book is a 200,000-year
timeline, because we've
identified that that seems
to be--
and of course, there may be
things that are earlier--
but this seems to be a
date that we can reflect.
>>REGINA: You can peg in
some kind of physical reality
by way of evidence.
And that was us as humans as
we exist now, as we are now,
and we're a continued
expression of that.
Now you're saying going back
at least 200,000 years that you
can verify.
>>LACROIX: In the first
cities that were created,
when kingship was lowered here,
not something where nomadic
hunter and gatherers found
a place that was suitable--
>>REGINA: You're right.
>>LACROIX: --and they
decided to build.
We're talking about a
place that was divinely
chosen because of its
energy and other properties.
And then a city was built there.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about George Smith
and how your work is building
upon the work of George Smith.
>>LACROIX: So George Smith is
the first assyriologist expert.
And assyriologist
just is a general term
that means anything in
the Mesopotamian area--
Sumerian or anything.
They call themselves
assyriologists.
And he cracked a code
that has not been
cracked in over 1,000 years.
He figured out how
to read and write
a language that had died off--
had died off in a way where
nobody knew how to read it,
nobody knew how to speak it.
It was something that was
almost lost to our entire story.
Now, unlike other
languages that share
commonalities, Sumerian
and subsequent branches
of Akkadian and Babylonian,
they are language isolates.
They don't share any
characteristics with anything.
If you were going to envision
an alien-like language,
this is the one.
This language is
something that is just
completely out of place.
It came from,
supposedly, the stars.
And it was handed down to us as
a way to preserve this message.
And they were brilliant because
the Sumerian language doesn't
use any syllables or vowels.
It uses simply symbols.
So each word is
unique in its own way.
And it's not like you can take
letters and put them together.
You have to figure out
what each word means.
And so it makes it
extremely difficult,
because if you were to try
to figure out a language,
you could figure out
what each letter means
and try to piece it together.
But that's what made
this so challenging.
And George Smith cracked
the code in the late 1800s,
and he figured out what
no one has figured out
for over 1,000 years.
He figured out how to
tell our lost story.
>>REGINA: Which I would
argue he's just back.
You know me.
I would argue
George Smith, that's
because that was his
language and so he
had the capability because
he had the innate knowledge
and remembrance of
it, thank goodness.
And that's what I think is so
fascinating today is that there
are people who come
with far memory,
as Joan Grant termed it-- far
memory-- who are bringing back
this knowledge that
otherwise would be lost.
So good on him.
So let's talk about the
greatest contribution
he made once this happened
that is feeding into your work.
And then let's go from
this region into Egypt,
because Egypt's history
is misunderstood.
It's believed that their culture
may have been at least a couple
hundred thousand years
old, too, conquer it
with Atlantis as well.
So let's get into it.
Let's get into what
George laid down
that really was your touchstone
for this, and then into Egypt.
>>LACROIX: OK, I'll start
and you can jump in.
>>CARSON: Yeah, sure.
>>LACROIX: So in 1849,
the greatest library
that's ever been discovered
in history, far greater
even than the famous library
of Alexandria in Egypt,
was found in the Nineveh
Mosul area of Iraq.
It was a series of libraries
with the most significant being
known as the Royal
Ashurbanipal Library.
And what that was was
a massive collection
of different ancient cuneiform
tablets from the Sumerians,
the Akkadians, the Babylonians,
all in the central library,
because this great king and
priest, known as Ashurbanipal,
had made it his mission and
his goal to go and search
with his armies in
the entire region
to find these tablets that
he described as already being
ancient before him.
And he amassed this
incredible library.
And then later on, after he
died, the city was sacked
and it was lost to time.
But because of the
fires, actually, they
helped better preserve
these cuneiform tablets.
And then 1849, along comes
Austin Henry Laird who
discovered this entire library.
But he didn't know how to
read or decipher the language.
That's where George Smith
comes in years later.
Taking these texts
from this library,
he was able to decipher it
in the first tablet that
was ever figured out by him
was "The Epic of Gilgamesh."
And he was described as
running around and being
very excited that he had
figured out something
that had not been figured out
for well over 1,000 years.
And this is where our
understanding of that time
period really begins.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Let's go on
to Egypt in a second.
Where does any of this intersect
with the Vedas or does it?
>>CARSON: It doesn't really
intersect particularly
with the Vedas.
>>REGINA: It's its
own concurrent story
of our timelines.
>>CARSON: Right.
It's its own concurrent story.
The Vedas kind of have
their own concurrent story.
They're running
simultaneously side by side.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: I think both
of those civilizations
go back hundreds of
thousands of years.
>>REGINA: Hundreds of thousands.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
>>CARSON: But what's interesting
about George Smith is the fact
that if you look at Zecharia
Sitchin, who came along much
later, obviously in our
modern time, a lot of people
thought that he was the one who
translated these tablets, when
in actuality he
was using existing
translations by this man.
And he actually noted
that in his books.
People weren't really
paying attention.
A lot of his translations
were already done.
He didn't translate
really hardly anything.
A lot of them already existed.
And this is one of the greatest
reasons why this guy was
one of the greatest
researchers ever
to be able to decipher
these tablets,
and bring forth this information
and unlock this code,
so that, in this
current time and era,
we can actually have a chance
to understand and grasp
what really happened
in the ancient past,
or at least as close to what
really happened as possible.
>>REGINA: So when was George
Smith doing this work?
>>CARSON: 1800s.
>>REGINA: 1800s.
>>LACROIX: The late 1800s.
It was a large--
>>REGINA: Because he was
contemporaneous with Laird,
of course.
>>LACROIX: Yeah, after
they were discovered.
>>REGINA: Duh.
[LAUGHS]
>>LACROIX: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: So now
let's move the story--
anything else you want to go
into regarding the Kings List
and the name of the king whose
name I cannot pronounce--
the one you just pronounced.
>>LACROIX: Well,
Adapa was the sage.
Alulim was the first king.
>>REGINA: All right,
So when are we talking
about, historically?
How far back are we going there?
>>LACROIX: We're
talking about a story
that if you were to take the
actual Sumerian King List
and add it up and versus
something like the Berossus
King List, you're
getting something
over 200,000 years ago,
potentially 240,000 years old.
>>REGINA: And where is
the Berossus King's List?
>>LACROIX: Berossus.
>>REGINA: Where does
that emanate from?
Where is--
>>LACROIX: Berossus was a high
priest of Babylon, of Marduk.
And he was chronologing
their history
and taking the earlier
Sumerian and Akkadian.
And he was one of the ones that
was preserving and putting it
into their civilization
and their culture.
So he was like their
scribe and their priest.
So it's another source from
another civilization that
verified these other Sumerian--
>>REGINA: And we're
getting similar timelines.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>LACROIX: Exactly.
>>CARSON: What also adds
to this timeline, which
is very interesting if
you go to modern science,
modern scientists,
biologists, they're
looking at the human genome.
And they find that
chromosome number two
was spliced and fused and two
telomere caps were put on them.
But what they're saying
is that they're estimating
it happened about when?
200,000 years ago.
>>REGINA: Now,
who's saying this?
Where is this research
being done right now?
>>CARSON: That's being done
in a lot of universities--
scientists, biologists.
>>REGINA: So they think the
number, or length, or whatever
of our telomeres,
which is very, very
key and important
to our longevity,
were capped 200,000 years ago.
>>CARSON: Correct.
>>REGINA: So let's just talk
about telomeres for one second
so people understand what
the profundity of that.
>>CARSON: Well, telomeres
are these little caps
on the end of your chromosomes.
Now, in particular, the ones
on chromosome number two,
every time your
DNA or your cells
reproduce, these telomere
caps shrink little by little.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
break a little bit.
>>CARSON: Just a
little tiny bit.
And over time, they
eventually run out.
And when your
telomere caps run out
of buffer material, which is
really like buffer material,
then that's when the body
begins a death process.
So that's how you
age and actually die.
Scientists at Harvard
started researching this
and found that they can stop
the degradation of telomeres
in mice and were able to get
the mice to live three times
their normal lifespan.
>>REGINA: How'd they do that?
[LAUGHTER]
>>CARSON: Listen, we're
going to hang out over there
because we all need it.
So they can do it now.
And so this is why
our story, this book
is so important,
because we're talking
about the epic of humanity.
We're talking about
figuring out what
happened so we can correct
what happened in the past
for the future, because
the past is prologue.
Because if we don't, eventually
they may want to sell us time.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right, well, the
people will be very piqued
by the notion of longevity.
And the telomere story, I
became familiar with initially
through Patrick Flanagan.
Patrick Flanagan and what he was
doing with his hydrogen water
was really toward the end
of stopping the breakage
and slowing the
breakage of telomeres.
And people can still
look all that up.
So he's been-- he was working
on it for decades himself.
And so now I'd be very
curious to find out
what they're doing at Harvard
and other universities, what
they've discovered in terms
of lengthening our telomeres,
thus extending our lives.
So let's go back to who
would have capped us and why.
>>CARSON: Well, it's I
believe it was these beings--
Marduk, and Enlil, and Enki,
and these other beings,
they had the capability,
the technology
to be able to genetically modify
Homo sapiens or hominids--
hominids, basically.
And I think at one
point, they decided to--
they realized how
powerful we were.
When you read "The Myth of
Adapa," and they were saying,
these people are
starting to outnumber us.
If they proceed along this path
with this level of greatness
inside of them and live
for this many years,
they're going to figure out
what do we need them for,
what they need us.
So it's like AI for us.
If we keep going with
AI, eventually AI
is going to be like, what
do we need humans for?
And so I think
they said, you know
what, we've got to slow these
people down a little bit.
Let's cap their telomeres.
Let's reduce their years of
life, so that by the time
they figure it all
out, it's too late
and another
generation comes back.
And it's this cycle
they have where
they've got us
trapped in this cycle
coming back and going forward.
And all of a sudden,
they can continue
to execute their plans
and their agendas.
And we are just-- we're
not able to even see it.
>>REGINA: And that
goes over the story
that I've shared
with you before, too,
that the original human
being, the one you call
the perfected being, was
actually imbued with a higher
dimensional aspect that is
highly creative and intelligent
and would be probably far
beyond what the Anunnaki were.
So it just maybe asleep
because there were problems.
So maybe not in full
recall of the capabilities.
And so that, again,
overlays that story for me
because it means
we had capabilities
that were deliberately being
suppressed even to this day.
So we became an amnesiac
species in addition
to having shortened
telomeres and life spans.
Thank you.
>>CARSON: And
disconnected DNA, which
is what they call
the "junk DNA."
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: I don't
think it's junk at all.
>>REGINA: That's not junk.
>>CARSON: I think
it was disconnected
to reduce the power of
Adapa and his offspring.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK, so now we have
a couple of ways
we can go, because we
need to get to Eridu,
where Eridu is
poignant in this story.
Because from your research,
it's the oldest civilized city--
city, as we know it--
of civilization--
seed of civilization.
So let's talk about
Eridu and then
we'll go back to the
Egyptian Kings List
and with the understanding
that Egypt is far, far older.
It's just that most of it is
under the sands, literally,
of time.
>>LACROIX: Yeah.
And I think one of
the things to add
to that that goes along with
Eridu, because Billy made
a great point
discussing telomeres
and how the ages
seem to have changed.
It's directly related to Eridu
and Adapa and this whole story
because what we find is
that in those kings lists,
in those lists that we
find around the world--
and it's not just Sumerian
and Akkadian and Babylonian.
But we have the
Egyptian Turin King
List, the Egyptian-- it's known
as the Egyptian King List.
And what we find
is the same thing
is shown there where we have
these long, long longevities
of these beings early on.
And then it just keeps getting--
>>REGINA: Shorter and shorter.
>>LACROIX: --shorter
and shorter.
And eventually, all of a sudden
we have this catastrophe that
occurs, called the Great
Flood, which we believe
was either the events
of the Younger Dryas
12,000 years ago or maybe
even an earlier event.
But what happened was it's
discussed in a tablet called
"The death of Bilgames."
And Bilgames was another
name for Gilgamesh.
It discusses in there
how because Gilgamesh
was a king that lived
after this great event,
that he was one of
the last mortals
and one of the last humans
that had a long longevity.
And then after, all
of a sudden, it's
discussed how humans
would only live
for a short amount of time.
And I agree that
that was probably
related to the idea of how
sophisticated and advanced
we could be if we
could live that long
or the potential of being there
for something that could exceed
any of our expertise
understanding
today of what's capable
of consciousness
in the human beings.
>>REGINA: Well, I think
we're headed back there now.
I mean--
>>LACROIX: We are.
>>REGINA: --we're in a
really ugly little place
at the moment.
Sometimes you have to
step through some poo
to get to the other side.
And I think we are going
back into extended lifespans
and an expansion
of consciousness.
That's the good news.
Meanwhile, look
where we've been.
So now I'm just throwing
this in the works.
So the whole notion of Atlantis.
Now, Atlantis supposedly
existed until about--
till the last great
deluge, right?
Younger Dryas.
So that's just under
12,000 years ago.
And those beings were said to--
some of the beings, not all--
layers and layers of beings--
lived hundreds and hundreds of
years on Atlantis at that time.
How does that fit in or does
it with this story since we
don't have the evidence?
>>CARSON: Well, I mean you
got to look at it like this--
if you look at the
Sumerian Kings List,
in my personal
opinion, I believe
that a lot of the people that
were the builders of Atlantis
were the Sumerian
Kings List people--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>CARSON: --and their offspring.
And their lifespans--
>>REGINA: I agree.
>>CARSON: --were extensive.
28,000 years.
14,000.
I mean, the years are
just mind-boggling
how somebody can just rule
for that amount of time,
yet alone how long did
they actually live.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: And I believe that
those were the beings that
were responsible for
building a global Atlantean
civilization on Earth.
And that the ring
city was just one
capital of many
capitals on Earth
that existed at that time.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
Thank you.
>>LACROIX: So there's your
connection, basically.
>>REGINA: There's
the connection.
That's what I'm looking for.
Because from Atlantis,
they were said
to have gone out
in flying ships.
Ships of all kinds.
Ships without oars and so forth.
All around the world.
And these legends are
everywhere all over the globe.
So ships without oars
kind of gives you
a hint of what we might
be looking at here, right?
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] So these
people and this knowledge,
the technologies--
some, not others-- were
spread around the planet.
So let's look at the length
of the Egyptians Kings Lists.
And then let's go to
this connectedness
and symbology that
you're finding--
symbolism you're finding
around the world that's
connecting these stories.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Well, the Egyptian
Kings List is really
amazing, because it's so similar
to the Sumerian Kings List,
which I just went and
saw with my own eyes,
finally, at the Ashmolean
Museum in Oxford, England.
I finally got a chance to walk
up to it and actually see it.
I was so close.
I wanted to touch
it, but the glass--
but you go to Egypt
and you see this list
and it's like, all
of a sudden you
see these people living
for thousands of years.
And you can see
the life spans just
getting shorter and
shorter and shorter.
But when you analyze
a lot of the work
from the Atra-Hasis
and the Enuma Elish
and you see that after the Great
Deluge, which is my opinion
is the Younger Dryas, kingship
is handed down to the humans.
Now, what they've done
is I believe initially
it was a half human and a
half Anunnaki, a demigod.
And over time, those
life spans just
got shorter and
shorter and shorter.
And you can see that same
progression all the way up
until you get to the Greek
Roman era on that list
where people were
just living 40 years.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
We're on the rebound from that--
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: --of those
days, fortunately.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's get
back to the Younger Dryas.
Let's get back to some of this.
There was always-- there's been
an understanding or a belief,
depending on the community
and background people
are from, that there
are beings that
oversee things,
such as catastrophe,
global extinctions, and so
forth-- mass extinction events.
Does this show up
anywhere in your work
that these mass extinctions
were by some kind of design
or agreement from some
council of beings or beings
from elsewhere?
>>LACROIX: Yeah.
One of the things that's echoed
whether or not it's looking
at the Atra-Hasis
or looking at--
I've identified at least
five other tablets from Sumer
down into Babylon where
there seems to be this--
I guess you could call
it massive disagreement
among these Anunna gods.
And the Anunna was the
original term in Sumer.
And the Anunnaki was actually
a later Akkadian Babylonian
term that came.
But in these
tablets, it discusses
how there was almost
this infighting
between these beings, how some
of them that had more power
decided that they call that
humans were being too loud
and reproducing too much and
disrupting the natural balance.
And they also had
connotations to connecting
to the idea of living
these extensive long lives
and also inbreeding
creating these Nephilim
giants with the cross
of the demigod, cross
between the Anunna
beings and human beings.
So there seemed to be all
these things that happened
that wasn't part of a plan.
>>REGINA: And giants are
found all over the planet.
>>LACROIX: They were
And even Magellan found them
on their travels of Patagonia
and South America,
and many, many others
it's been shown
throughout history.
But what they discuss
in the tablets,
specifically, is
how they decided
to wipe out humanity and
basically start over again.
And it was this agreement
made between them
where they couldn't
tell any of the humans.
And what happened was,
Enki, this creator God
that seems to be
on our side who was
the one responsible for
originally creating us,
secretly warned a
bloodline king who
wrote the Atra-Hasis named
Ubara-tutu or Ziusudra,
depending on the actual
text you're reading,
warning him through
a very creative way.
He warned him through
a set of reeds
where he technically didn't
break his vow by appearing,
but he spoke through an
aspiration of himself
to speak to him
and tell him, look,
this catastrophe is coming.
>>REGINA: Through reeds?
>>LACROIX: Yeah, through reeds.
You're part of an
ancient bloodline
that needs to be preserved.
Protect your family.
Protect everything
you have around you.
This catastrophe is coming.
And he did.
And thankfully,
that bloodline is
one of the bloodlines that
literally carried on humanity
after these events,
which we believe
are the Younger Dryas
catastrophes of around 12,000
years ago.
When we compare ice core
samples and geologic evidence
to see that there was this time
period of Earth when the Ice
Age dramatically ended,
very, very quickly.
And these set of events
were so catastrophic
that they seem to have wiped
out this global civilization
that we find evidence all
around the world from.
>>REGINA: OK, so I have a
question for both of you
and it maybe
extends beyond this.
But the notion that these beings
made decisions on our behalf--
thank you--
[LAUGHTER]
--taking us into
consideration, of course.
What about the notion of
the cosmos and the planets
themselves.
If we look at the
planets, as I think
is also indicated, as their own
entity, very powerful entities
and beings, our solar system,
each one its own being,
its own influence on
each other and on us,
including Gaia herself.
Is it possible that the
cosmos, the solar system,
these council of
planets and beings
also made these decisions?
Gaia herself made
these decisions?
Is that possible?
Does that show up anywhere?
Or is it always down to
these guys, interlopers?
>>CARSON: It's an interesting
theory because if you look
at the Enuma Elish, and
based on how you read it,
you could interpret it
as the conscious planets,
conscious moons--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: --having
a battle with one
another versus it
actually being some type
of a Galactic or space war.
So it's really up to the
interpretation of the person,
how you can interpret it.
But I do believe that
planets are conscious,
moons are conscious.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CARSON: I believe that
Earth is extremely conscious,
and that these planets are
being very gracious to us.
[LAUGHTER]
And any time if
Mother Earth decides
to just shake the back a little
bit, we'll all fall right off.
And so there's
another possibility--
there could be two players.
One could be these beings who
tinkered and created, directed
catastrophes, as
well as Mother Earth
and, like you say, the
planetary council holding us
back or trying to give us
some more time to grow up
and mature as well.
It could be a
combination of both.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm wondering,
because in all these
talks, it never comes up
that maybe Earth
decided herself,
you know what, I need a break.
[LAUGHTER]
I need a break.
And so just like you say,
shake us off like fleas,
and we'll get started again.
You guys have many
lifetimes, you
can come back if you wish
or go somewhere else.
We'll see if we can do
better this next time.
So I just wanted to bring
that in, because certainly
in hermetic culture,
it's understood
that almost everything
is always referring back
to the cosmos and these planets,
these various beings that have
names that we see historically.
So let's talk about the war
between Anu with Tiamat.
>>LACROIX: Yeah,
that's expanding just
on what Billy just talked
about a minute ago.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LACROIX: There's this set of
tablets called the Enuma Elish.
And they're a set
of tablets that
are earlier Sumerian
stories that
then became Babylonian stories.
And they have everything
from the origin story
to something earlier
that is very mysterious,
like Billy mentioned.
It seemed to be this concept--
and there are many opinions
on what it's trying to say.
It's a very
ambiguous set of text
that discusses in a way
where you either see it
as some kind of a celestial
battle between these beings
in here or you see
it as just some kind
of a natural phenomenon.
But here's where it gets
interesting because the work
of George Smith in the
Chaldean account of Genesis,
he discusses how it seems
to be both happening
at the same time.
>>REGINA: Explain that.
>>LACROIX: It's this concept of
something intelligent that is
super powerful that can create
around itself and have this
omnipotence versus these planets
and these consciousness around
these planets that seem
to make their own--
I guess not decisions,
but they kind of
do what they want to do.
For instance, the Earth
goes through these periods
of being very violent, right?
And Mother Earth decides
that she's unbalanced,
and so she becomes violent.
In my interpretation
of the text,
this earlier account
of it was called Tiamat
and it was this idea that
the Anunna were almost
battling against this
unbalanced and angry--
they call it a chaotic
nature of Earth.
And that's what
George Smith believed
was that the idea
of this primordial--
actually Graham Hancock
even talked about
it as well-- this primordial
chaotic aspect of Earth
that had to be almost subdued,
that had to be altered.
And so whether or not that's
some kind of a geoengineering
or some kind of a terraforming
event that they were doing,
there seemed to be a
battle between Earth
and these beings on how
they wanted to control
to have it be their way.
And how this balance would
harmonize on the Earth
so that maybe conscious beings
could actually exist there,
because the way
they describe it is
it was so volatile that
nothing could exist.
And we know that
geologically in history,
through tectonic changes
and massive volcanism,
that the Earth can
be extremely violent.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So this would bring to mind then
the notion of the yugas, cycles
in general.
And it would bring the
notion that on this planet,
we've always had waves of
consciousness high and low.
And that means the
Earth herself would
be emanating these
conscious waves
of basic destruction
and rebirth, destruction
and rebirth.
>>LACROIX: Right.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: And same
thing that happens
to every single one of us.
Same thing that happens
to every cell in our body.
So it makes perfect sense
to me that they can--
you can use any
kind of archetype
you want for this
kind of battle.
But maybe that is
the nature of Earth.
>>CARSON: It's quite possible.
>>REGINA: Is that the nature
of Earth as we go through
as beings who are choosing
to incarnate on Earth,
you go through lowered phases
of consciousness with extreme
challenge and you have to do--
the great opportunity here--
learn to deal with challenge.
And you start rising
up where there's
less challenge, more opening
for higher thinking, greater
solutions, cleaner
living, all of that.
And we go through these higher
spiritual elevated periods
of time.
Maybe that's just part of Earth.
Maybe she's always going
to have these cycles.
And anyone who incarnates her
is doing it for that very reason
to ride through this and learn
these dance lessons which they
say is greater than
the angels themselves
if you can get through
these lessons on Earth.
>>CARSON: Right.
If you look also into
even modern astronomy
and astrophysics, you
discover that our solar system
was dropped into place here.
We actually come from the
Sagittarius dwarf galaxy.
This has now been rewritten
in all universities
in astrophysics books.
So our solar system was
dropped into place here.
The Milky Way
galaxy is currently
merging still right now with
the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>CARSON: Not the constellation,
but the Sagittarius dwarf.
And the pinpoint in where the
Sagittarius dwarf wraps around
and intersects and is being
swallowed up by the Milky Way
is right here in
our solar system.
>>REGINA: Oh, what's
the implication of that?
>>CARSON: Well,
the implication is
if you look at the Enuma Elish,
with all the turmoil and all
the planets trying to find their
orbits and all the crashing
and colliding of
planets and moons
together, you have
the situation where
you have two galaxies right
now, still today, merging.
And then you have
these planets and moons
trying to find
new orbits, trying
to collect new routes
around different suns.
And that's where
we are right now.
>>REGINA: And so we have these
constant solar influences
of destruction.
>>CARSON: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: Well,
it begins to feel
like a kind of repetitive boring
game after a while, honestly.
[LAUGHTER]
But let's go further than that.
So the thing about it is when
you have these mass extinction
events, these various
destructions, it basically
blasts us back
into amnesia again.
And we never seem to get ahead.
Any kind of comments that
you see in anything you've
read along the way of
why the need for humans
to go through this constantly.
Fall asleep, wake up,
fall asleep, wake up,
just like we do every day.
>>LACROIX: Well, like Billy
just brought up a great point.
Is this creation
of solar system,
is this something that
happens where it's
created for a certain purpose?
I don't think we should
underestimate the significance
of these Anunna.
George Smith had
this great quote
at the end of the Chaldean
account of Genesis,
and I consider him the greatest
scholar in this of all time.
He said this very
interesting line
where he discusses how it seems
that the Anunna came backwards
and forwards into time.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LACROIX: Where there
was some kind of a plan,
there was something that
they wanted to happen.
But to do it, they had to
go back and have something
occur here to get to here.
Now, what that implies
is that there's
some kind of
ordaining or deciding
of how things are going to be.
And I think--
>>REGINA: On behalf
of us, thank you.
>>LACROIX: Yeah.
And it seems to be
this commonality where
it was this decision
made where Earth
and this ascension of
consciousness and things
going on here were
supposed to happen.
But here's the
interesting thing,
if you look at what's known as
the procession of the Equinox,
there is a wobble of the
Earth that faces different
constellations during
this 26,000-year cycle,
known as the Great Year.
What we find is that there
are these cycles built
into that cycle where these
catastrophes seem to happen.
I don't think
that's by accident.
>>REGINA: Where you have many
cycles within the big cycle.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>LACROIX: If you were to
create an environment where
you could have these beings
where it's almost like a game.
Imagine you were these
omnipotent beings
and everything to
you is like games.
So the idea of how far
can a conscious being
get in a certain amount of time?
And if it doesn't, it
has to start over again.
How far can it get
in that next cycle?
It seems to be exactly
what's playing out here
is that we have 12,000,
maybe sometimes 24,000 years,
depending on what we
look at geologically.
But there are these
cyclical events
that seem to be
reoccurring on this basis
where we only get a certain
amount of time to see
how far can you get.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
>>LACROIX: And then you
get to start over again.
It seems to be like a game.
>>REGINA: No, not
a pleasant one.
>>LACROIX: It's not
a pleasant one to us.
But the idea is,
what if we can--
and I want Billy to
talk about this--
>>REGINA: And hack this now.
>>LACROIX: --because
Billy is the one who
writes about this
at the end the book,
is, what if we can
technologically and spiritually
and through
knowledge, everything
we've learned from the past,
what if we can beat this game
and not have to start over?
Where could we get to?
>>REGINA: Well, that's
the $64,000 question.
And I think a lot of people
watching this, and myself,
believe is possible.
>>CARSON: So like Matt was
saying, if you look at the way
that we're in this
particular type
of fractaholographic
matrix is what I call it.
And I think that what
he's saying is accurate.
There's this game
board that's laid out
for these omnipotent
beings and they're
seeing how far a species
can go, a sentient species
can go within a certain period
of time in these cycles.
But the ultimate
goal, as in any game--
because when we
create video games,
it's just a fractal of what
we're already living in.
And so the goal in a video game
is to get to the top level.
And for us to get
to the top level
is to get to the Golden Age.
But not only to get
to the Golden Age,
but also sustain it.
Crack the code and not let
the loop start all over again.
So if you can stop
the loop from going
and you can stay within that
Golden Age and sustain it,
that's the ultimate
civilization that I
believe will be the
dominant civilization that
will have an effect on
the entire universe.
And nowhere have I seen written
anywhere in any text or any
scripture, cylinder,
scroll, papyrus, anywhere,
that says we can't do that.
And I think ultimately
that is the true goal
and the true destiny of
this particular civilization
that we're in right now.
>>REGINA: I agree
with you, Billy.
Whenever you have
something that's
working against
something else so hard,
there's a reason for it.
That means it's a
threat on some level.
It shouldn't be.
I mean, like you say,
maybe it's just a game.
But that's a pretty
dire and serious game
you're playing with constant
retraumatization of a species.
So why us?
Why is Earth--
I've got my own thoughts
on it, but let's talk
about your thoughts on it.
Why is Earth so interesting
to all these other species?
>>CARSON: Earth is a great
proving ground, I think,
for sentient consciousness.
There's so much that
you can do here.
you can aspire to.
So many levels of ascension here
through knowledge, and wisdom,
and understanding.
So much turmoil.
This universe that we're
in, this particular universe
is actually based
on consumption.
We're living in a universe
based on consumption.
Everything must
consume something else.
The deer doesn't want
to be eaten by a bear.
I mean, the deer
fights to get away,
but it can't and it gets eaten.
So everything is going through
this same exact situation.
But it seems as if for the
human species, Homo sapiens,
our destiny is to be able to
acquire a lot of knowledge,
data, and information.
I believe that we are
transmitting in real time
our life experiences
back to source.
I think that's
the ultimate thing
is that consciousness,
which is there's only one,
is expressing itself
as googles of entities
throughout the entire universe
and it's collecting data
from all of us so it can
understand what it means
to be in this particular cycle
and this sector of a galaxy
or this other sector
of another galaxy.
And what does it take
for it to ascend itself
to a higher level?
Maybe the mass consciousness
that we're all a part of
is trying itself to
get to another level
that we can't even
perceive because we're just
a fractal of it.
And if we're trying
to ascend consciously,
it's trying to
continue to ascend.
So it's collecting
and we're like
the little sensory
perceptions of it.
We have our eyes here, hands,
taste buds and everything else
going out and collecting
data so our brain can
know what's going on.
And we're like that for it.
And I think that we're all
transmitting back to it.
And it's trying to
figure out, OK, now
how do I get to the next level
through all this learning?
>>REGINA: And that's knowledge
that can be embodied anywhere
in the universe and utilized.
And we're looking at--
what you're saying--
this is about consumption.
We're looking at moving
beyond predatory behaviors
of all kinds in all species on
this planet beyond predation.
Really that's what it's about.
So your final thoughts on this.
>>LACROIX: I think
that we should never
underestimate the significance
and potential of humans.
It's not that we're--
>>REGINA: Agree.
>>LACROIX: --better
than other things.
It's that we've
created for perfection.
That's what the tablets state.
That's not just my opinion,
just being egotistical
and that we're better
than everything.
The tablets specifically
state that in all of these
experiments and all of these
things that are going on around
the universe, that humans
here in this special place,
this incredible Gaia, this
crystal-- which, by the way,
you should point out the
significance of Earth--
the dominant mineral type
here is silica quartz,
meaning we're just
a giant crystal.
So what can consciousness
do in a place like that?
Now, here's where it
goes into the detail
of this Adapa, this
perfected being,
where if it can get past these
cycles, this game of cycles
of catastrophe that want to
reset it, that whole idea to me
is just because of
the game of overcoming
these incredible odds because
of the potential of what
it can become.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LACROIX: I think that's
what this is all about
is that we should never
underestimate what we can
actually become in the future.
We may be far greater
than we can even perceive.
And the idea is that
if we're in that gap
right now, which I
believe and Billy does,
this combination of
advanced technologies
all coming together with
knowledge of the past
and spirituality, all merging
at this particular time that's
been prophesied by the Aztec
and the Maya and many others,
that here we have this glimpse
where even though it seems
like it's dire at times and
then we've lost ourselves
in materialism and
consuming in other aspects,
perhaps this is
where this story that
seems to not have a
probable outcome, maybe it's
the one that does.
It's the one--
>>REGINA: Maybe it does.
>>LACROIX: --that
truly makes it,
that everyone at the
end of the movie goes,
I didn't see that coming.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LACROIX: Where
all of a sudden we
go somewhere that is completely
unique and different that it
takes us to a new
chapter that we've never
been able to achieve before.
>>REGINA: That's beautiful.
And then that makes sense.
That statement that I
read in a beautiful text
that the angels bow
before the person who
has been through this
journey, the human
and perfected themselves
because they've
never been through
such challenge
as what we go through every day.
>>CARSON: Every day.
>>REGINA: So, yay, humans.
Go, humans.
[LAUGHTER]
I am very pro-human.
I know it looks bad at times,
but I'm very pro-human.
And I'm really glad
to see that that's
your vision for the future, too.
Meanwhile, you have this amazing
200,000-year timeline graphic.
So we will put that
up in the interview.
But also, maybe you can
make it available to people.
>>LACROIX: It
actually is right now.
You can go to my website
at the stageoftime.com,
and I have that timeline on
one of the pages there as well.
So it's something
where we want to--
>>REGINA: It's beautiful.
Really interesting too.
>>LACROIX: We want
to rewrite the story
but we want to do
it in a way where
we preserve as
many ancient texts
where people can find them.
I have so many comments
where people say, well, where
do I find that text to read it?
Where do I--
I'm buried in seven
different tablets.
Where do I find that spot
that says specifically.
This is the whole point is we
try to take the most important
of each one of these, whether
or not it's Sumerian, Akkadian,
Babylonian, Gnostic,
Egyptian, the ancient Timaeus
and Critias from Solon
and the Egyptian knowledge
from the Temple of Sais,
and many, many others,
to put it all together and say,
here, we're going to make this
a time capsule of all
of our human knowledge
so that we can move forward
and never lose it ever again.
>>REGINA: Excellent.
Thank you both for taking, well,
lifetimes of energy and pursuit
to make this happen.
I really appreciate it.
So as we move on here,
as your story progresses,
let me know and we'll come
back and do this again.
>>CARSON: Fantastic.
Sounds good.
>>LACROIX: We would love to.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Again, the name of the book
is "The Epic of Humanity."
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]